What will you do for the hospitals Mr. Mélenchon?
Well, you can already guess since you go the booklet
First, I want to tell you that I think the current situation is worst than what people think it is
things are not collapsing because there are devoted people
but  if we go on this way, they will. So we need, at least..
I've seen what all the unions say,
we need at least 50 000 to 60 000 more people working in hospitals. Otherwise, things will collapse.
In other words, people are physically strained.
The second thing is that we have to build an environment so that
hospitals have less pressure. Creating  professionnal healthcare centers
to avoid places of medical desert because otherwise all the patients are going to a same place, in public hospital
they do not go to clinics.That would give a breather. After this, we should stop things such as T2A (Price per Activity)
and all these crazy things. It is idiocy to manage hospitals like companies.
The administration is destroying the healthcare, sir.
Yes, people told me that they have to fill endless paperworks.
Our nurses, they leave work at 10.30pm instead of 9.00pm, we have more and more patients.
And you cannot manage everything, someone told me this very well, I know it.
That is frightening.
So we count on you.
Protect the workers. Protect the hospitals Mr. Mélenchon!
Yes, I am doing it.
Hello lady. How are you?
Ah, when you will be president, France will be better.
Yes, it is clear ... Honestly, let me tell you, if we do not change the situation ...
Come see us in hospitals sir.
But we are not allowed anymore, my friend,
they'd say "Oh no, you have not the right, this is politics, get out".
But do you think what they do in there is not politics maybe? Eh? Tsss, of course it is!
Mélenchon President